[Requirements] Bumping fsspec and dependencies to 2023.9.0 (#4688)
mlrun/mlrun: requirements.txt

> # >=1.28.0,<1.29.0 from botocore 1.28.64 inside boto3 1.16.28 inside nuclio-jupyter 0.9.13

Reviewer: comment here is not matching the urlib3 versions below

v3io-frames~=0.10.7
semver~=3.0
dependency-injector~=4.41

> # in version 2023.9.2 fsspec canceled "auto_mkdir" in open() function
> # we required a future solution

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# upper limit due to version 2023.9.2 fsspec removing the "auto_mkdir" in the open() function. TODO to address this differently
```
also please raise a Jira on this

Author: https://jira.iguazeng.com/browse/ML-5235
